Captain C
Volume 5
Ninja McNamara



Text on Screen: Eight days Later. Monday, January 22. 6 pm. 

Wide angle shot of WALC basement. Camera follows two boys walking down the stairs and entering a room on the far end. They walk in and look up at the scrieen, which displays: SIA Callout #2. 

The boys look at eachother and wink. They then walk all the way to the first row of people and sit down. There are about 20 people in the audience and Negha and Sanjana are standing in front of the screen to give their presentation. Priya is sitting towards the side against the wall. 

Negha
Hey everyone, welcome to our second callout

Boy #1 
Hi brah 

Negha
Hello. My name is Negha and I am the vice president. 

Sanjana
Hi everyone, I’m the president of SIA. Here’s some of the things we do. 

Camera pans over to boy #2 and the camera focuses on him as he slowly falls asleep and the screen goes black. After three seconds, the screen reappears and boy #2 suddenly waking up is shown. 

Negha
And now we are going to move on to some games
 
Time lapse shot of the game where two different Indian food or items are shown on the screen and people have to vote for which one they like more

Sanjana
Now we’re going to play a game where you have to say something in your native language out loud, and then the others have to guess the meaning.

Negha
But you have to tell us the phrase first. It has to be school appropriate!

Cut to a guy walking up in front of the screen 

Guy 
Poda en Chips!

The room is silent 

Negha
Ok guys this is the end of the callout, if anyone wants to stay back and play mafia feel free!

Everyone in the room quickly walks away 

Sanjana 
Wow, what a weird callout 

Negha 
I know right

Sanjana
And the guy who gave that speech on Nidarshan, what was that all about?

Negha Frowns

Priya starts packing up her stuff

Sanjana 
Priya, where are you going? Let’s all study here for a bit 

Priya 
Oh I have a class at the corec at 7:30, I better get going! 

Negha
Oh ok then

The camera follows Priya walking out the room, up the stairs, into the cold outside world, and past the bell tower as the camera pans up and focuses on the bell tower. Soft but intriguing music accompanies these series of events. 











Title sequence plays:
Text: Ninja McNamara 
Subtext: A Captain C Story

Priya walks up the stairs to the upper floor of the corec and walks in. A group of 5 in black karate outfits are there. The sensei is at the front of the room. 

Priya walks to the front of the room and bows. 

Sense
Welcome, Priya. For you, today is a special night. It is your final test before you can receive your black belt and become a master. For your final test, you will have to defeat fellow master Kenji in a duel. 

Priya
Yes, Sensei 

Priya glances over to see Kenji, a tall and extremely muscular man in a black karate outfit, already standing in the center of the room. 

Sense
The rules are simple. Use your skills, knowledge, and wooden sword to disarm and defeat Kenji. 

Priya walks to the middle of the room, standing face to face with Kenji

Kenji bows to Priya, Priya bows to Kenji.

Sensei 
Best of luck, young grasshopper. Begin!

The two opponents immediately jump into fighting stance, swords defending out.

Kenji
(smiling)
I won’t go easy on you 

Priya
(Smiling back)
And I wouldn’t want you to.

Kenji suddenly lunges forward with surprising speed, aiming a powerful strike at Priya. Priya jumps, does a double front flip over Kenji, and lands facing Kenji. Kenji is confused as to where Priya went. Priya taps Kenji on the back with her sword. Kenji is startled and turns around in awe. 

Priya 
Looking for someone?

Kenji’s eyebrows cross in anger. Kenji launches into a flurry of attacks, each one faster and more powerful than the last. Priya uses her agility to dodge these, her movements a blur as she anticipates Kenji’s strikes. She ducks under a powerful overhead swing and counters with a low sweep, tripping Kenji and sending him to the ground.

Kenji rolls and comes back up, but Priya is already in the air, flipping over him and delivering a strike to his back as she lands. Kenji stumbles forward, and Priya presses the advantage, disarming him with a swift, precise strike to his wrist. Kenji’s sword clatters to the floor. Priya does a series of cartwheels back to her starting position. 

Priya steps back, breathing heavily but standing tall, her wooden sword pointed at Kenji.

Kenji
(breathless) 
I yield.

The sensei steps forward, a proud smile on his face.

Sensei
Congratulations, Priya. You have passed your final test. 

The room erupts in applause as Priya bows to the sensei, a wide smile on her face.

Priya and Kenji shake hands

Cut to the audience leaving the room as Priya and Sensei meet 

Sensei 
Priya, you have proved your skill and therefore are now a master. You are now another guardian of Purdue 

Sensei presents Priya with a sword and a black belt. Priya accepts both 

Sensei
Priya, this is the sword of a master. This will be your weapon in battle. You are now the next ninja of Purdue as I will be stepping away from this role. Your training in Japan over winter break was of great importance to help you reach this feat. It was incredible how we were able to cover up this secret training mission as a “study abroad trip”

Priya
Yes Sensei, it was a great experience and I had learned so much. I will be another guardian of Purdue, along with Captain C

Sensei 
Ahhh… Captain C… I wonder who that fellow is. He is doing marvelous work in protecting this town from evil

Priya smiles and bows 

Cut to Priya leaving the room and looking at the time on the clock outside. It reads 11:58pm

Voice on Loudspeaker: “Attention Everyone, the Corec will be closing in 2 minutes. If you do not leave by midnight you will have to swipe out at the front desk” 

A large crowd of people start to rush down the stairs as Priya merges in and follows them out the Corec. With the crowd, Priya gets down to the main first floor. 

Still in the crowd, in the distance, she notices a student's backpack is open. The backpack is red in color. As she notices, a box falls out of his backpack. But the student doesn’t notice and continues to walk. 

Priya is Alarmed. What if this box is of importance! 

Priya rushes forward and gets past through the crowd and picks up the box. She looks ahead but the owner is gone. The red backpack is nowhere in sight. Priya runs forward and out the door but that student is no longer there outside either. 

Gone in a Flash. 

Priya looks down at the box and realizes the box had popped open. There are empty test tubes packed within the box. Curious, Priya pulls out one test tube and examines it.

The letter ‘J’ is inscribed on the tube.. 

Priya’s eyes display alarm 

Priya 
This ‘J’… This person is a student… One of us…

ROLL CREDITS
Text: Next Week, Retreat Special Episode